c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\KinectDemo.exe.config
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\KinectDemo.exe
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\KinectDemo.pdb
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.g.resources
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.exe
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\KinectDemo.pdb
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\sanxo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\CameraWorkspace.baml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\WorkspaceView.baml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\CameraWorkspace.g.cs
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\WorkspaceView.g.cs
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\WorkspaceControl.baml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\WorkspaceControl.g.cs
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\CloudView.baml
C:\Users\SANXO\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\CloudView.g.cs
C:\Users\SANXO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\BodyView.baml
C:\Users\SANXO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KinectDemo\KinectDemo\obj\Debug\UIElements\BodyView.g.cs
